So here's what I want to know.
Why is it so coincidental today?
Doctor Sun and Mr. Liang appeared at the birthday banquet at the same time
I think I was in the hospital before
beam
The old man went to see the body of the monkey old man a lot
What do you say?
My father was in the hospital.
Did the Liang family send anyone over?
I said no.
Why did Mr. Yang appear so timely?
Turns out he already knew
Okay, my family really made a good plan.
Newcomers are better off first
They had no idea.
That Sun Shengyi's medical skills cannot be sworn
Thank you, Master Yang
I, Hou Wanbai, have nothing to repay
What do you need in the future?
I, Hou Wanbai, can do it
At your service.
Since the Liang family has committed many evils
I don't think it's as good as Miss Hou
Let's cooperate with Mr. Sheng
What do you think?
Of course I can't ask for it.
OK, so we've got a deal.
Next week's Dou Bao Conference
Let's move to the Liang family together